# <p align="center"> Guests scammed after hotel gets breached

* Nowadays, most people are aware of phishing emails, calls, etc. However, this is still probably the most effective way for hacking. As it is with this new method in which the actor reserves a room online “pay at the hotel”, then proceeds to send an urgent email that has “executable photos” and some heartfelt text. Once the hotel clicks the executable, Infostealer, gets downloaded and the installation begins.
*  The problem for guests arises when the hotel gets hacked and now the actor has access to official channels to communicate with guests that made reservations as well. Guests see the official communication channel that should be trustworthy and stop worrying so much about possible scams.
* The actor sends a message using the booking site’s platform and their regular message structure which gives customers some tranquility. At this point, the actor asks to reconfirm the credit card information giving an excuse and a deadline so the reservation doesn’t get canceled.
The link being provided is obviously illegitimate and triggers an executable on the guest’s device.
* The script that has been downloaded uses obfuscation techniques in order to evade security analysis. Additionally, many security validations are added as an anti-analysis technique. If the client passes these tests, the user will be presented with a phishing site masquerading as the official one. Which also presents a smart-chat support channel to increase the site credibility.
* This is definitely a hard one since the phishing is more complex than normal and some verification tools that people normally use don’t work on these cases. However it is always important to remember, to never click on unsolicited links, contact the company directly (different channel than the presented one), beware of urgent language and double check the URL for inconsistencies. Always be careful and take an extra minute when dealing with external requests.

