# <p align="center"> Sentry Exploited in the Wild

* A critical authentication bypass bug in MobileIron Sentry has been exploited in the wild. This vulnerability, CVE-2023-38035, has a 9.8 rate in terms of CVSS severity. This is a gateway that encrypts and manage traffic within organization's mobile devices and back-end systems.
* Actors may reach administrative API port 8443 of a vulnerable Sentry deployment, which will give them control of this sensitive network component. Because of an insufficiently restrictive Apache HTTPd configuration, it is possible to bypass authentication on the administrative interface. A successful exploitation will give them access to admin APIs used to configure Sentry via port 8443. From there one can change configuration, run system commands, or write files onto the system.
* Luckily, there won't be any threats as long as port 8443 is not exposed to the internet, and versions 9.18 and earlier of Ivanti Sentry are the only ones affected. The company has already released scripts to fix this situation but at the moment only for supported versions. It is important to remark that the scripts are specific to a single version and using the wrong script may carry problems.
* There is not specific number of how many customers were compromised but we know that another remote authentication bypass flaw in Ivanti Endpoint Manager Mobile, compromise 12 Norwegian government agencies at least before the developer issued a fix. Sadly, these actors were at least 4 months inside the system before they were detected.
* Additionally, Ivanti patched a second EPMM vulnerability, CVE-2023-35081. This vulnerability required the actor to be logged-in as an administrator giving it the ability to upload arbitrary files to an EPMM web app server. Needles to say even a webshell could be uploaded to a vulnerable server and remotely control the backdoored box, as long as one is able to obtain admin login credentials or escalated privileges via another flaw.
